An amount of R7 million has been put aside to construct a sports centre at Ha-Manenzhe, while R8 million has been budgeted to provide the rural communities with a community hall at Muswodi during the coming 2019/20 financial year. This was said by the mayor of Musina, Cllr Mihloti Muhlope, when she presented the State of the Municipality address at the Musina Showgrounds on Tuesday. Muhlope said other projects included the construction of a multipurpose centre in Nancefield at a cost of R7 million and a further R6 million had been put aside to construct paved roads in Nancefield. She said it was of critical importance that Musina Local Municipality make every effort to ensure that its budget had value for money and that the expenditure and income were at optimum levels to secure basic service delivery. “Our total operating revenue for the 2019/20 financial year is R378,070 million. R39,016 million will be funded from the Municipal Infrastructure Grant.   Other conditional grants include R2,365 million from the Finance Management Grant as well as R1,139 million from the Extended Public Works Programme Grant. The Integrated National Electrification Programme Grant is R10 million.” Muhlope also reported progress on the projects that the municipality is currently implementing during the current financial year coming to an end at the end of this month. “Last year during the budget speech, we announced some of the projects that we will be undertaking.  I now have the pleasure to give the progress report thereof. The construction of paved roads in Nancefield, which was budgeted for R4 million, is nearing completion and the work is at 76%. Masisi Sports Centre, which had a budget of R5,2 million is now at 75%.  Together with the provincial government, we managed to build 580 houses for our needy community members. This simply demonstrates that we are serious about fighting poverty and to improve the lives of our people. “During the current financial year, the municipality is providing free services to more than 3000 indigent families at a cost of over R4 million. These are the people whose joint family monthly income is R3 500 or less. Each beneficiary of the municipality’s indigent policy receives 6 kilolitres of water, 55 kilowatts of electricity and 100% free sewer and refuse removal services every month. We will continue to do the same in the new financial year.” She said she was happy that the mayoral bursary continued to change the lives of young people in Musina. “Last year during this time, we reported that in the past six years, the mayoral bursary had produced 15 graduates. I’m glad to announce that the number has now increased to 17. This is because we have produced two more graduates this year. We will continue to invest in education because we need educated young people who will be able to support the special economic zone in our municipality.”  