The much-awaited SAB League provincial promotional playoffs will be staged at the Jane Furse Stadium in the Sekhukhune area this weekend. The SAFA Vhembe Regional League will be represented by Mpheni Home Defenders. Home Defenders secured a place in the annual event after beating Madridtas FC 5-3 in the regional promotional playoffs at the Makhuvha Stadium last Sunday. When asked about their level of readiness for the tournament, the chairman of Home Defenders, Mr NT Thavhiwa, stated that the team was ready for the tournament and his boys could not wait for the event. He reiterated the fact that the team was boasting a clean bill of health and stressed that the technical team was leaving no stone unturned in their preparations for the playoffs. A quick glance at their performance against Madridtas shows that Home Defenders have the potential to represent their region diligently. Defenders will pin their hopes on Emmanuel Mphephu, Isaac Makhuvha and Lesley Maluma for goals. Five teams from the five regions will take part in the tournament. The teams that will represent their respective regions in the tournament are: Terror (Waterberg), Makoti Happy Fighters (Mopani), Ngwabe City Motors (Sekhukhune), Makotopong Brazilians (Capricorn) and Mpheni Home Defenders (Vhembe). Five matches will be played tomorrow and five on Sunday. Tomorrow’s fixtures are: Ngwabe City Motors vs Makotopong Brazilians, Terrors vs Mpheni Home Defenders, Makotopong Brazilians vs Makoti Happy Fighters, Mpheni Home Defenders vs Ngwabe City Motors and Makoti Happy Fighters vs Terrors FC. Sunday’s fixtures are: Terrors FC vs Makotopong Brazilians, Mpheni Home Defenders vs Makoti Happy Fighters, Ngwabe City Motors vs Terrors FC, Makotopong Brazilians vs Mpheni Home Defenders and Makoti Happy Fighters vs Ngwabe City Motors. The top two teams in the tournament will be promoted to the ABC Motsepe League. Tshakhuma RO Nandilani represented Vhembe Region at the Nkowankowa Stadium in Tzaneen last year. Nandilani won all four their matches in the tournament and finished on top of the league log.