They lost 0-1 to Polokwane City at the Thohoyandou Stadium last Sunday. Now the question that remains unanswered is whether Black Leopards will make amends and deposit full points into their league account at the expense of Kaizer Chiefs. The teams will lock horns at the Moses Mabhida Stadium in Durban tomorrow evening. While Lidoda Duvha are still battling to come to terms with the defeat, the spirits are high in the Chiefs’ camp, following their 3-2 victory over Highlands Park at the Makhulong Stadium in Thembisa. A quick look at the Leopards’ performance against City shows that Chiefs will have to double their efforts if they are serious about collecting the maximum points tomorrow. Mwape Musonda, the Leopards’ sharpshooter, watched from the grandstand as his team lost last weekend as he was still nursing an ankle injury. Whether the Zambian striker would be available for tomorrow’s match was not clear at the time of our going to press. Should he not be available, the likes of Lifa Hlongwane, Joseph Mhlongo and Themba Ndlovu will be expected to make things happen. The match will start at 19:30. In the other matches that will also be played tomorrow, Polokwane City will host AmaZulu at the Peter Mokaba Stadium. The Western Cape derby between Cape Town City and the rookies, Stellenbosch FC, will be staged at the Cape Town Stadium. Stellenbosch FC rose to the occasion last weekend and held Chippa United to a goalless draw, despite the fact that it was an away match for them. The same applied to Cape Town City, who were held to a 2-2 draw by Baroka FC at the Peter Mokaba Stadium in Polokwane. Bloemfontein Celtics will host Golden Arrows at the Dr Molemela Stadium in Bloemfontein on Sunday. Maritzburg United will play against Highlands Park at the Harry Gwala Stadium in Pietermaritzburg in the only match that will be played this evening, starting at 20:00 (Friday). Next Wednesday’s fixtures are: Polokwane City vs Bidvest Wits, Chippa United vs Mamelodi Sundowns and SuperSport United vs Orlando Pirates.