Another busy weekend lies ahead for the teams affiliated to the Limpopo Stream of the ABC Motsepe League. The match of the week will be the Vhembe derby between Mikhado FC and Tshakhuma RO Na Ndilani (TRON) at the Rabali Stadium on Sunday afternoon. With three matches remaining before the end of the season, Mikhado are on course for the league title and donating points to TRON on Sunday will cost them a fortune. On the other hand, TRON have every reason to collect the maximum points in the match. The Tshakhuma side are in the second-last position on the log with 24 points, one on top of Giyani Hotspurs. The fact that the last two teams on the log will be relegated to the lower division at the end of the season is reason enough for TRON to ensure that they collect full points in their three remaining matches. Mikhado’s defenders, Thulani Mabizela, Rofhiwa Tshikovhi and Bornwise Molobo, will have it tough against the TRON strikers in Dakalo “Akonkwo” Nemakonde and Rinae Madzhuta, while TRON’s defenders, Rendani Mukomafhedzi and Khuliso Phosiwa, are geared to keep their danger area clean from the start to the end. TRON will now have the opportunity to exact revenge for the 0-1 defeat they suffered at the hands of Mikhado in their first-round league match about five months ago. The Polokwane derby between Polokwane United and Boyne Tigers will be staged at the Seshego Stadium. Mighty FC will play their second league match away from home. After playing to a 2-2 against TRON last Saturday, Mighty FC will travel to Giyani, where they will play against Ndengeza FC. Polokwane Academy will entertain Magezi FC at the Seshego Stadium tomorrow. The Dolphins FC will have a date with the pace setters, Madridtas FC, at the Eldorado Stadium outside Polokwane. The other relegation candidates, Ollesdal FC, will host Ditlou FC at the Old Peter Mokaba Stadium in Polokwane. Pusela City will host Giyani Hotspurs at the Nkowankowa Stadium in Tzaneen, while Barracah Valley FC will meet Great North FC at the Matebe Sports Complex in Jane Furse.