Several heavy fines were imposed on clubs playing in the Safa Vhembe MMK Administrators competition during the league's disciplinary committee meeting at Thohoyandou last week. In the case relating to a match between Masisi Young Stars and Berea FC, Stars were found guilty of assaulting the referee and causing the abandonment of the match. They were fined R6 000 and forfeited the points to Berea. Tshivhuyuni Two for Joy were found guilty of causing the abandonment of their match against Masakona FC. A fine of R3 000 was imposed on Two for Joy. Green Way Academy were fined R3 000 for not marking the ground properly in their match against Madombidzha Western Stars. They forfeited the three points to Stars. Matangari High Aims failed to produce soccer balls for the match and caused the indirect abandonment of the match. They were fined R2 000 and forfeited three points to Musasenda Big Five. Phiphidi Mighty Bush Bucks were fined R3 000 for indirect abandonment of the match when they were supposed to play against Fondwe XI Bullets. Vyeboom Marika FC pleaded guilty to the charge of assaulting the referee when playing against Tshivhazwaulu Peace Makers. A fine of R4 000 was imposed on them. The three points for the match were awarded to Peace Makers. Rabali Pull Together were found guilty of assaulting a match official when they played against Mikhado Development FC. They were fined R4 000 and three points were awarded to their opponents. Sangoma Black Robbers appeared before the DC to answer to a charge of causing an indirect abandonment of their league match against Mikhado Development FC. They were fined an amount of R4 000 and forfeited league points to their opponents. Govu Black Bulls were found guilty of assaulting the referee and causing the abandonment of the match. They were fined R5 000 and forfeited three points to Muraga Hazard Hotspurs. Altein Reformed Squad were fined R3 000 for causing the abandonment of the match against United Artists. The three match points were also awarded to Artists. Mapapila Blue Ribbon received a fine of R2 000 for the indirect abandonment of a match by failing to provide a soccer kit when they played against Govu Black Bulls and Tshisimani Professionals. They forfeited points to their opponents. Bale FC were fined R6 000 for assaulting the match official in their match against Masisi Young Stars. They forfeited the match points. 