Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) have reason to believe that they will start the new season with a bang. According to the club’s chairman, Mr Humbulani Mphephu, they are leaving no stone unturned in their preparations for the new season. He stated that they were planning to play several friendly matches before the activities for the new season started in three weeks’ time. TTM will start the new season by hosting Cape Umoya United at the Thohoyandou Stadium on Saturday, 17 August. Mphephu said that they had signed several vastly experienced players in a bid to replace those that were let go at the end of last season. He further stated that some of the players who had been released at the end of last season included two defenders, Happy Mashau and Patrick Meso, and a striker, Edward Maqele. He said that the two defenders had been replaced with Jean Munganga from Black Leopards and a left back from Real Kings FC, Karabo Mofokeng. The other new faces in the TTM camp include Ernot Dzaga (Maccabi FC), Stello Musa (Magic FC), Tommy Mandlazi (Arconbush United) and Rhulani Sidumo (Arconbush United). “Just like last season, Tshepo Ramaele and Simon Mamudzidi will be competing for the goalkeeping position, come next season,” said Mphephu. He further said that some of the group who had been part of their squad last year were Carlington Nyadombo, Phumelele Bhengu, Tshepo Makgoga, Khunadi Nkoana, Onyedikachi Ononogbu, Thembisani Nevhulamba, Lucky Khumalo, Ndabayithethwa Ndlondlo and the centre forward, Wonderboy Makhubo. Negotiations with another defender and a top striker are at an advanced stage. He reiterated the fact that they were going to compete for the league title from the onset next season, unlike last season where they had finished their league programme in the third position and qualified to take part in the promotional playoffs. Some of the rehearsal matches TTM will play as part of their preparations for the new season include their Limpopo derby against Black Leopards at the Ladanna grounds in Polokwane tomorrow. 