Tshamutshedzi Water Sand, or Tshiphongo as they are affectionately called, were crowned the 2019 Boy Nemakonde KO champions at the Tshifudi Stadium last Saturday. They beat Tshilonwe Young Bombers 4-1 in the final to lift the trophy. Water Sand received R15 000, a floating trophy, gold medals, soccer kit and six soccer balls during the ceremony at the stadium shortly after the final. The runners-up, Tshilonwe Young Bombers, took home R1 500, a soccer kit, and six soccer balls.  The team that finished in the third spot, Belavhathu FC, received R1 000 and six soccer balls, while the fourth-placed side, Munangwe United Brothers, were given six soccer balls during the ceremony. Belavhathu beat Munangwe United Brothers 2-0 in their losers’ final match at the same venue earlier that day. During the ceremony the sponsor, Mr Boy Nemakonde, said that he was impressed by the way the tournament was run. He expressed appreciation for the way in which both the players and the club’s officials behaved throughout the tournament. He further revealed that he would continue to sponsor the tournament in the coming years, saying the sponsorship amount would increase over time. Nemakonde further indicated that the tournament’s best player, best goalkeeper and the top goal scorer would receive their awards during a formal prize-giving ceremony that will be held at a venue still to be announced. The winners in the curtain-raiser match, Bhubesi FC from Mpumalanga, received R5 000 during the ceremony. Bhubesi beat Begwa United Brothers 4-3 in their game that kept the spectators at the edge of their seats from the onset. During the ceremony the coach of Royal Eagles, Mr Joel “The Prophet” Masutha, appealed to the clubs’ officials to recruit more quality players, so that scouts from professional clubs could use the tournament to unearth new talent. He mentioned that he managed to scout a top striker, Norman Mbedzi, at the same tournament when he was still the head coach of Black Leopards five years ago. 