The community of Musina is tired of being terrorised by criminals and is pointing fingers at the police, claiming they are doing nothing about crime. Residents held a peaceful march from the Lesley Manyathela Stadium in Nancefield to the police station last Friday. In a memorandum the residents requested the police to provide them with an action plan regarding all the raised issues and that they should respond within 14 working days. They threatened that if the police did not give them feedback within the specified time, they would shut down every activity within the Musina area, including schools and government offices. Members of the Indian community, specifically, reckon that they are victims of the crime sprees and the number of robberies in the area has been escalating. Mr Samuel Muleya, representing the residents, appealed to the SAPS to maintain a policy of zero tolerance towards all crime. “Some of the community members have information about the crimes that have been committed in the area and are afraid to give that information to the police,” he said. He added that a lot of crimes had occurred in the area and in most of them the suspects were known by the community. He appealed to the police to work out a plan with time frames and to stipulate how the community could become involved in pro-active crime prevention. “Both the community and criminals should take notice of this plan,” he added. “The alternative is that we will be too scared to live in this area and all doors will be closed in respect of any possible opportunities to be created,” says Muleya He called on all the community members to speak against criminality. “So much crime is happening in the area and we do not even have an idea as to who is behind all this criminality. What has gone wrong in our area?” he asked. Brig Eddie van der Walt received the memorandum and urged the community to report officers who misused state property, adding that corrupt officers had no place in the provincial government. 