Now that Black Leopards managed to escape the relegation axe this season, the team’s head coach, Mr Dylan Kerr, says he has big plans for the team in the new season. Although a draw would have been good enough for Lidoda Duvha to retain their Absa Premiership franchise in the coming season, the Thohoyandou outfit beat Cape Town City 1-0 at the Thohoyandou Stadium on Saturday. The Leopards’ all-important goal against Cape Town City came via Isaac Masia towards the end of the game. Masia received the Man of the Match award. Leopards, who were lying in the second-last position on the log before their victory over Cape Town City, finished their league programme in the 13th spot with 30 points, one in front of Baroka FC and two ahead of Maritzburg United and Free State Stars. Free State Stars will be campaigning in the National First Division next season. They finished their league programme in the last spot on the log. Maritzburg United, who were languishing at the bottom of the log for the better part of the season, managed to escape direct relegation after their performance in the last five matches. By finishing in the second-last position on the log, Maritzburg United qualified for the promotion/relegation playoffs, which started on Wednesday (15th). Maritzburg will compete with two NFD teams that finished their league programme in the second and third position, Royal Eagles and Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM). Wednesday’s match was between Royal Eagles and TTM at the Chatsworth Stadium in Durban, but at the time of our going to press, the result of the game was not yet available. In an interview with Kerr after their victory over City, he stated that he was going to start with the preparations for the new season very soon. He revealed that his aim was to assemble a team that will compete for silverware, unlike this season, where they were fighting for survival. He will meet the chairman of the club, Mr David Thidiela, to discuss his plans for the new season. He also thanked the management of the team, the players and the supporters for their unwavering support ever since his appointment as the team’s head coach.