Royal Eagles were almost sure of victory when they came to play against Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) in their promotional playoff match at the Thohoyandou Stadium last Saturday, but that was not to be. Instead, the Eagles found a new TTM that was different from the one they beat 1-0 in their first-round match at the Chatsworth Stadium in Durban two weeks ago. TTM won 2-1. When asked what prompted him to utilize most of the unknown players against Eagles, the coach of TTM, Mr Momcilo Medic, said that he wanted the players to prove that they were not professional players by default.  Medic did not want to commit himself to whether he would utilize the same players in their last promotional playoff match against Maritzburg United at the Harry Gwala Stadium in Pietermaritzburg tomorrow (Saturday) afternoon. Some of the TTM regulars who watched Saturday’s game from the grandstand include Edward Maqele, Tshepo Makgoga, Lehlohonolo Nhapo, Phumelele Bhengu and the team’s playmaker, Lucky Khumalo. The Eagles did not know whom to mark as most of the TTM players were unknown to them. When asked as to whether he was still hopeful about promotion after Saturday’s victory, Medic said that his hopes were dependent on the result of the match between Maritzburg United and Royal Eagles that was played at the Chatsworth Stadium in Durban on Wednesday. Eagles lost 0-2, destryoing TTM's promotional hopes. With this victory, Maritzburg United retian their ABSA Premiership status. Despite this, Medic reiterated the fact that they were going to do their best against Maritzburg tomorrow, even though they have nothing to play for. He stated that their aim was to wrap up their promotional play-off programme with a bang. The visitors from Durban conceded the two goals within the first four minutes against TTM last Saturday. Wonderboy Makhubo scored the opening goal two minutes into the game. Ndabayithethwa Ndlondlo was on the target two minutes later. Eagles pulled one back two minutes into the last half via Sonke Ntuli, whose header was too hot for the TTM keeper, Tshepo Ramaele, to handle.