Rolivhuwa Singo (19) from Makwarela believes that he will one day be one of the best DJs in the country if he continues to nurture his talent. Known as DJ Blvck Zee, Singo started in the music industry about three years ago, owning just a laptop. Initially, he endured many stumbling blocks before he could get recognition and was offered an opportunity to play during huge events in the Vhembe region. Using popular software Virtual DJ, this Univen student relied on his friends to transition from just using the computer programme to play using DJ Decks. Securing an opportunity to perform at bigger events in the region was not easy. At that time, he was still unknown, and he was still learning to play the DJ Decks programme. The experience in the virtual DJ programme helped him to understand the basics of DJ decks, but playing was another challenge standing in his way. “Before the event started, my friend showed me the basics of using DJ decks. Since then, I haven’t looked back. I continued practising consistently until I could master the playing equipment,” he said. DJ Blvck Zee remembers how he had to persuade people to add him to the playing list of their events. “I used to play without any payment. I had to pay for all the expenses, including transport to travel to the event. I didn't give up because I knew it was worth it,” he said. Only last year was he featured at popular events such as the Wild Explosion – an annual event aimed at giving Venda a different atmosphere of house music - along with DJ Shimza. “I'm a fan of music, and I make sure that I am always up to date with new songs and always know the type of music that people want,” he said. He has subsequently been featured on some of the local radio stations, including Makhado FM and Phalaphala FM. “I hope to perform at one of the biggest concerts before the end of this year, and I know that I will achieve that goal,” he said. DJ Blvck Zee specialises in Amapiano type of house music and is the current resident DJ at Moo Bar at Khoroni Hotel. He said his aim was to get recognition nationally, globally and be able to show the world that Venda has a lot of talent. “This industry needs time, but it has been good although I face challenges. I want to see myself sharing the stage with big artists such as Black Coffee and DJ Maphorisa,” he said. 